put your hands behind your head I forgot
to remain silent wait there's one here
this one can't stand gonna need a
stretcher
fine
bye
all right Chum yeah you do asked tiring
a little foggy nice release a downloads
a lot of other places too it wasn't for
you guys we Lobby told you to meet a
beach shipping out those Asian countries
it wasn't really me it was Chantelle it
was all her idea to get the people to
come help us yes then people cause
trouble some people famous from it you
sure said it let's go find that
policewoman well well come along thank
you so much for saving us I really
thought it was going to die no fall
should ever have to go through that
thank you so much I promised my filly
that we'd get out but I had no idea how
I was going to do it back at our farm
the people said that she was an accident
with the wild mustang who lived on the
hills who came down to the farm and they
didn't want me either they didn't want
me or her because I couldn't work
anymore so thank you very much thanks
you will find loving homes I couldn't
couldn't be more grateful than I am
right now makes me wonder if there's a
word that's greater than thank you if
there was I would be saying it right now
a thousand times come on rush let's get
to the trailer it's been a long night I
got my own barn recently it's small but
it's very cozy I think you need to rest
in your new home
I met Madison spark
hey who are you guys hi my name is a
lotta as in a lot of stuff I'm destined
to be the next Secretariat I don't
listen to him he's only just started
training hi my name is bourbon Oh
forgive me for not introducing myself my
name is cash cash did you just say cash
like as in checks / cash the Triple
Crown winner yes and I know who you are
your rush you're my son dead oh good to
see you honey honey yeah that's a
stallion
Oh
Oh him he's too old for you Oh mommy mom
Marie 10 months old squid smothering me
Chantell what happened last night ain't
got you and then I put Seth in a swing
then they gave us a shot for the flu and
later today that that's going to come up
here and check alrighty everybody seems
to be in good shape I'll come back for a
regular checkup sponsor I gave the
mirror checkup and she's nine months
pregnant no way no way like she doesn't
even look pregnant she says skinny
you're gonna have to really work hard to
get her nourish before the bowl comes
Chantal is that true oh just fantastic
Chantal we're gonna be parents you take
it easy just eat a lot and get lots of
nourishment um I'll bring grass to your
stall and stuff she can't believe it if
it's a boy what do we name it I mean we
can even maybe or something in it if
it's a girl we can damn it um well then
though I could come down rush geez yeah
man chill yeah I'm gonna be an uncle oh
oh yeah maybe not home Madison huh that
horse is mine rush is mine and still is
that mayor I want them back I don't
think you'd want Chantal back why is
that because she can't even race anymore
why is that she's pregnant nine months
oh I can't believe this they've been
gone for almost a year and no one
bothered to bring them back to me let's
make a deal this next coming race you
will enter Russian it if he loses he's
mine but if he wins you can have them
fine it's a deal but i'll have you know
that wretch has lots of potential he
will win this race heck that slowpoke
winning not a chance lady you'll be mine
faster than you can say hogwash hogwash
listen Tom I don't even know why you
bothered to keep rush if you think he's
such a terrible horse because those two
horses are rightfully mine and they cost
me a lot of money and i'm not just about
to let that money fly out of my pocket
you got that girl yeah whatever deal's a
deal let's shake on it okay I'll see
what the races rush we've got to start
training